River Fit 2025: Women's Runs with 261 Fearless Club
Skip to Content
Skip to Tickets
Skip to Footer
More dates
Close
Close
Close
Payment plans
Close
How does it work?
Reserve your order today and pay over time in regular, automatic payments.
You’ll receive your tickets and items once the final payment is complete.
No credit checks or third-party accounts - just simple, secure, automatic payments using your saved card.
Close
Close
River Fit 2025: Women's Runs with 261 Fearless Club
Share
Close
Facebook
Linkedin
X
Copy link
Close
Close
Share
Thu, Sep 25, 6pm - Thu, Oct 9, 6:45pm 2025 EDT
Fiedler Field
Boston MA, United States
Esplanade Association
3309 followers
·
Contact host
(Opens in new tab)
Add to calendar
Close
Select a date you want to add to calendar
Select a date
iCal
Google
Office 365
Outlook web
Outlook desktop
Yahoo
Close
Description
261 Fearless Club New England is proud to partner with the Esplanade Association as part of their
River Fit Fall Series
. We are a global women’s run group (ages 18+) dedicated to empowering and connecting women through movement. Our mission is to create a supportive, non-competitive space where women uplift each other and build confidence, strength, and fearlessness — one stride at a time.
Join us for weekly jogs led by a certified 261 coach. These 45-minute sessions are designed for all fitness levels — whether you’re new to running or looking for a motivating group experience. Together, we’ll explore the scenic paths of the Esplanade.
Pre-registration is strongly encouraged. 261 Fearless Runs/jogs will take place on Thursdays from 6:00pm to 6:45pm starting on September 25th and ending October 9th. We recommend participants to dress for appropriate weather conditions and to bring a water bottle.
Thursday, September 25 (canceled due to weather)
Thursday, October 2
Thursday, October 9
Event Cancellation
In the event of extreme weather or other hazardous conditions, the Esplanade Association will email all participants and post a cancellation notice. Please follow our social media accounts Facebook page (
@EsplanadeBoston)
/ Instagram (
@EsplanadeInBoston
) to keep up to date about potential class cancellations.
Location Information & Directions
NOTE: There is NO PARKING on the Esplanade.
Please plan to arrive via one of the options below:
WALKING
If entering by foot, you can take one of many footbridges to enter the park. They are all noted on this
map
. Fiedler Field
is closest to the Arthur Fiedler Footbridge
which is located between Beacon Street and Beaver Place, adjacent to David G Mugar Way. Once in the Esplanade, continue walking straight past the
Esplanade Playspace
. There will be a footbridge across from the Playspace. Continue across that footbridge,
Fiedler Field
will be across from a dock next to a statue of head.
MBTA
Fiedler Field is a ten-minute walk from the
Arlington MBTA Station (Green Line) and a ten minute walk from the Charles / MGH MBTA Station (Red Line)
. Find all of the nearby stations on this
map
.
BLUE BIKES
Pick up a Bluebike at any station around Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville and return to a station located conveniently near the Hatch Shell. Find locations on the
System Map
or
mobile app.
The closest Blue Bikes station is located where Beacon Street meets David Mugar Way, in front of Beacon Street access to the Arthur Fiedler Footbridge.
PARKING (outside of park)
Recommended parking locations include
Newbury Street lots
or the
Boston Common Garage
.
RIDE SHARE
Please direct rideshare vehicles to drop you off on Beacon Street near Arlington Street.
Cheers
is a good reference spot. Once you’ve been dropped off, enter the park on foot via the Arthur Fiedler Footbridge, located between Beacon Street and Beaver Place, adjacent to David G Mugar Way.
About 261 Fearless Club of New England
261 Fearless is a SOCIAL, NON-COMPETITIVE women's run/walk group that welcomes WOMEN (18+) of ALL ABILITIES. Our meet runs focus on movement through the social side of running and education. We will meet at the Arthur Fielder statue. From there we will engage in various drills to warm up and then we will run around the various paths on the Esplanade. It's a great way to get fit, make new friends and build a stronger community.
Contact us at:
261clubnewengland@gmail.com
https://www.261fearless.org/261clubnewengland/
About the Esplanade Association
The Esplanade Association (
Esplanade.org
) is a nonprofit organization that works to revitalize and enhance the Charles River Esplanade, sustain its natural green space, and build community in the park by providing educational, cultural, and recreational programs for everyone.
Stay up to date with the Esplanade by following us:
Facebook (@EsplanadeBoston)
,
Instagram (@EsplanadeInBoston)
.Visit
Esplanade.org/Events
to learn about upcoming events and programs on the Esplanade.
Powered by
Tickets for good, not greed
Humanitix dedicates 100% of profits from booking fees to charity
Location
Fiedler Field
Charles River Esplanades, Boston, MA 02114, USA
Get directions
Refund policy
Please cancel your order if you can no longer attend
Host
information
Esplanade Association
3309 followers
Add your details to follow Esplanade Association and get alerts for new events.
First name
(required)
Last name
(required)
Email
(required)
Confirm
Contact host
Follow
View profile
Website
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
The Esplanade Association is the community-supported nonprofit organization that works to revitalize and enhance the Charles River Esplanade, sustain its natural green space, and build community in the park by providing educational, cultural, and recreational programs for everyone. Working in collaboration with the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation, the Esplanade Association is dedicated to improving the experiences of the millions of visitors who enjoy Boston’s iconic riverside park. Importantly, the Esplanade Association acknowledges that the 64 acres of its care were originally inhabited by the Massachusett, Wampanoag and Nipmuc peoples in what was the tidal Quinobequin River, now called the Charles River. Through its work, the Esplanade Association strives to honor, respect, and recognize the connection between this site and our local indigenous tribes’ and neighbors’ ongoing stewardship of these lands and waters. For more information visit,
Esplanade.org.
Keywords
charlesriver
boston
esplanade
outdoors
free
women
jogs
fall
public
fitness
Register
This event has passed
Register
Register
This event has passed
Register
Thu, Sep 25, 6pm - Thu, Oct 9, 6:45pm 2025 EDT
Fiedler Field
Boston MA, United States
Hosted by
Esplanade Association
More events from this host
Wed, Oct 14, 7am - 8am EDT
+ 1 date
River Fit Fall 2026: Beginner 5K Training Group
Fiedler Field, Charles River Esplanade, Boston MA, United States
Wed, Oct 14, 11:30am - 12:30pm EDT
+ 1 date
River Fit Fall 2026: Tai Chi
Fiedler Field, Charles River Esplanade, Boston MA, United States
Thu, Oct 15, 5:30pm - 6:30pm EDT
+ 1 date
River Fit Fall 2026: Sunset Yoga
Fiedler Field, Charles River Esplanade, Boston MA, United States
Thu, Oct 15, 6pm - 7pm EDT
+ 1 date
River Fit Fall 2026: Paws in the Park w/ Pack Adventures
Fiedler Field, Charles River Esplanade, Boston MA, United States
Tue, Oct 20, 12pm - 1pm EDT
River Fit Fall 2026: Nature Therapy & Forest Bathing
Otis Grove on the Charles River Esplanade, Boston MA, United States
Footer information
United States
›
Massachusetts
›
Boston
›
River Fit 2025: Women's Runs with 261 Fearless Club
Find events
Search events
Events on this weekend
Events on next week
Host events
All features
Pricing
FAQs
Get in touch
Contact us
© Humanitix Limited 2026
Your privacy choices
Privacy policy
(Opens in new tab)
Terms of use
(Opens in new tab)
Close
Create an event
Ticketing platform features
Book a demo
Add a new event
Pricing
Popular topics
Free online event registration
Promote events for free
Features for modern event management
Selling event tickets online
Set up RSVPs for your event
List events online
Social impact
About us
About us
Blog
Careers
Our story
Partner charities and supporters
Help
Ticket buyer support
FAQs
Close
