Book Online
|
AcuPUNKture
Toggle navigation
Hello. Are you a current patient?
Sign in
Back
Account Links
Sign In or Sign Up
Book an Appointment
Howdy AcuPUNKS -
*We just switched our phone system for 508.507.8015. If you are having trouble getting through to us/think you may not be receiving messages from us please email franklinacupunkture@gmail.com to let us know. Thank you!
Location
: We are now located at 37 East Central Street, Franklin, MA 02038.
New Patients
: We are working from a waitlist but should be able to get people in within a month or 2! Reach out using the contact information below to get set up for a 15 minute intake call. We take BCBS, HPHC, MGB, and Aetna.
Cancellation Waitlist
: Please make sure your waitlist requests accurately reflect your availability. You can view your waitlist requests by going to “My Account” and selecting “Upcoming Appointments.” Accurate waitlist requests greatly increase the chances that both you and others can get into openings.
Contact Us
: Email
franklinacupunkture@gmail.com
or call/text
508.507.8015
Booking Links
Our Team
Acupuncture
Crystal's Workshops & Acupuncture-Infused Events
Subletters
Buy Gift Card
The perfect gift for any occasion
Create a gift card code you can send to a friend or loved one for products or services at AcuPUNKture.
Sign In To Buy Gift Card
Back to Booking Page
Mrs. Crystal Farnsworth
(She/Her)
L.Ac
Crystal has a strong passion for treating both the body and spirit which is what has drawn her to practice acupuncture and incorporate different treatment modalities into her sessions including essential oils and gemstones.
She is Licensed by the Massachusetts Board of Registration in Medicine and obtained her Master’s of Acupuncture in Chinese and Japanese Styles of Acupuncture at New England School of Acupuncture in Newton, MA. Prior to this she received her Bachelors of Science in Food and Nutrition from Framingham State University. She is NCCAOM certified and is certified in Clean Needle Technique , CPR, First Aid and AED.
In her free time she enjoys doing projects around the house and yard with her husband, gardening, listening to podcasts and live music and spending time with her 6 cats and 14 bantum silkie chickens.
She is the oldest of six children, half Cuban and can speak Spanish and understands it well. She has multiple tattoos and piercings and believes in fostering a safe space for all walks of life regardless of their tattoos, piercings, body modifications, appearances, colors, shapes, sizes, genders, sexualities, fetishes, religions and backgrounds. Crystal has always loved working with kids and prior to becoming an acupuncturist she worked as a nanny for many years as well as a supervisor in a pizza shop cooking up delicious pies!
Crystal has a strong passion for treating both the body and spirit which is what has drawn her to...
Read More
Robin Hammond
(She/Her/Hers)
Professional Qualifications
-Masters of Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine, Japanese and Chinese styles, MCPHS 2022
-NCCAOM certified, Clean Needle Technique certified
-Bachelors of Science in Kinesiology, Umass Amherst 2015
-Postural Alignment Specialist, Egoscue
-Yoga Instructor 200 hr RYT Body Matrix Flow yoga
Robin originally came to acupuncture after a series of different injuries and muscular imbalances after various horseback riding falls over the years. After feeling the effects of acupuncture for headache relief, she quickly found it could be supportive for many other aspects of health as well. She has always been amazed by the body’s ability to adapt and heal when given the proper environment. She has a passion for many types of natural modalities, including herbs, flower essences, nature, and movement practices.
Working as an exercise therapist at a postural therapy clinic prior to going to acupuncture school gave her a unique perspective on treating the body as a whole, as well as an appreciation for getting people back to activities they love. She enjoys helping patients achieve their goals- whether that be eliminating or managing pain, mitigating stress, or restoring balance to their system.
In her free time she loves hiking in nature, horseback riding, checking out the local farmer’s market, and traveling.
Professional Qualifications
-Masters of Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine, Japanese and Chinese s...
Read More
Room Reservations Subletter
For Subletters who want to reserve a room.
For Subletters who want to reserve a room.
Read More
Select a treatment
from the list on the left
to view available appointment times
Located at:
37 E Central St, Franklin
Directions & Map
|
Need Help?
508-507-8015
franklinacupunkture@gmail.com
Booking by Jane.
See Jane run your practice.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Cookie Policy
