Upcoming Events and Monthly Workshops – AcuPUNKture
AcuPUNKture
Your Alternative Place for Healing
Menu
Skip to content
Our Mission
Important Updates!
LOCATION/HOURS
Services Available
Acupuncture Services
Schedule an Appointment!
Rates and Payment Information 2025
Cancellation Policy
Private and Community Acupuncture: What is the difference?
Adjunctive Techniques and Tools Used
Our Practitioners/ Local Referrals
Acupuncture FAQ
COVID-19 CLINIC PROTOCOLS AND PROCEDURES
What is acupuncture?
Acupuncture Vs. Dry Needling: Clarifying Myths and Misconceptions
Does acupuncture hurt?
How can acupuncture help you?
What can I expect?
How many treatments do I need?
Who do we treat?
What to wear?
Whimsical Wellness Boutique
Upcoming Events and Monthly Workshops
Blog
Take a Virtual Tour!
PRIVACY POLICY & HIPPA DISCLOSURE
Upcoming Events and Monthly Workshops
– scroll down for sign-up links
–
Join us for a new installation of our healing series: Needles and Namaste!
Crystal Farnsworth, LAc. and owner of AcuPUNKture will be joining forces with Tina Grzyboski of Reiki Vibes Energy Therapy to bring you an immersive healing experience.
Upon arrival you may be given magnets to wear on specific acu-points and special organic essential oils if desired. Before the meditation begins Crystal will perform acupuncture on participants and rest specific crystals over your body to help incite your healing journey.
During this acupuncture and reiki infused meditation, Tina will gently guide you into a sacred redwood forest to meet your higher self. Here you will have the opportunity to receive insight to a question you may have or direction on your life path. Then together, you’ll journey deeper into this peaceful sanctuary of the forest, to receive the Holy Fire® Reiki III Holy Love Experience. While relaxing with the calming support of acupuncture.
This Reiki experience is designed to bring healing to some of the earliest chapters of your life—from conception, through pregnancy, birth, and the moments that followed. It offers an opportunity to gently release what no longer serves you, including ancestral issues, experiences in the womb, birth trauma, or other deeply rooted energetic imprints. You may recognize what is healing, or you may simply leave with a profound sense that something meaningful has shifted.
Crystal will be complimenting this by utilizing divergent channel acupuncture sets that will open the sea of blood which houses the shen/spirit and the ren mai as well as focusing on 10 magical points for self-healing.
You will be provided with comfy floor mats and cushions, a fuzzy blanket and an eye mask. Just show up and treat yourself for an hour!
$80 per person. Pre-registration required.
Sign up HERE.
You will be required to sign online consent forms for both your acupuncture treatment and the sound bath which will be sent out within a week of your event. Upon sign up, please Venmo @crystal-acupunk with the date of this event in the description. 48 hour notice is required for cancellation and full refund.
Can’t make it 10/4? Check out our other upcoming dates! 11/8 & 12/6
Join us for another installation of our healing series: Needles and Namaste: Psychic Awakening-A High Vibrational Acupuncture-Infused Sound Healing Experience.
Crystal Farnsworth, LAc. and owner of AcuPUNKture will be joining forces with Deb Torchia of Vibrational Wellness Sound Therapy to bring you a deeply immersive, 60-minute therapeutic sound journey specifically engineered to guide your brainwaves into the Theta state—the gateway of expanded consciousness, vivid inner imagery, and heightened extrasensory perception.
Are you ready to step beyond the analytical mind and tap into your highest inner knowing?
This is not just a relaxation session; it is an energetic recalibration designed to activate your Third Eye and Crown chakras, unlocking the doorways of your innate intuition and spiritual sight. Crystal will perform acupuncture to connect to your higher self and open the third eye and crown chakras while keeping you grounded and Deb will create a sound bath experience designed to awaken your inner vision and opening you more fully to your intuition so you can tap into your psychic potential.
What to Bring:
-A Journal & Pen: Psychic insights and symbolic visions received during a Theta state behave exactly like dreams—they evaporate quickly upon waking. You will want to write yours down immediately.
-Comfortable Clothing: Wear loose, comfortable layers. Your body temperature will drop as you fall into deep meditation.
-An Open Mind: Release expectations and arrive ready to perceive whatever your higher intelligence brings to the surface.
You will be provided with comfy floor mats and cushions, a fuzzy blanket and an eye mask. Just show up and treat yourself for an hour.
$80 per person. Pre-registration required.
Sign up HERE.
You will be required to sign online consent forms for both your acupuncture treatment and the sound bath which will be sent out within a week of your event. Upon sign up, please Venmo @crystal-acupunk with the date of this event in the description. 48 hour notice is required for cancellation and full refund.
To secure your spot for the next reflexology clinic please call Valerie at 508-498-3474
.
Needles & Namaste: Surrender in Love an Acupuncture Meditation & Sound Healing Experience with Maria Gauthier
Join us for a special installation of our healing series: Needles and Namaste!
Crystal Farnsworth, LAc. and owner of AcuPUNKture will be joining forces with Maria Gauthier of Haven Sound to bring you an immersive healing experience.
Acupuncture • Surrender in Love Meditation • Sound Healing • Deep Restoration
An invitation to soften your grip, quiet the mind, and surrender into the wisdom that already lives within you.
In this intimate experience, we explore surrender as letting go of the need to control what comes next and meeting ourselves deeply with unconditional love. Through guided meditation, acupuncture, and sound, you’ll be invited to turn inward, reconnect with yourself, and create space for love to move freely, for your heart to open and receive the messages of its own wisdom.
The journey begins with a guided meditation on loving surrender, gently bringing awareness back to the body, breath, heart, and inner knowing.
As you settle into stillness, acupuncture needles are placed to support relaxation and energetic balance. You’ll be invited to surrender more deeply into the present moment, allowing yourself to simply receive.
From there, sound becomes the medicine. Resonant tones, bowls, and vibration create a deeply immersive sound meditation designed to help you soften, release, and reconnect with your own frequency.
The experience includes:
Intention setting
Meditation on Love and Self-Love
Acupuncture treatment
Immersive sound healing
Breath and nervous-system calming
Time for stillness, receiving, and integration
We welcome your heart to this special practice of love and light.
You will be provided with comfy floor mats and cushions, a fuzzy blanket and an eye mask.
$80 per person. Pre-registration required.
Sign up HERE.
You will be required to sign online consent forms for both your acupuncture treatment and the sound bath which will be sent out within a week of your event. Upon sign up, please Venmo @crystal-acupunk with the date of this event in the description. 48 hour notice is required for cancellation and full refund.
Screenshot
Claim your Mini Reiki Session
HERE
or call Tina at 508-942-4441
✨ Winter Solstice: Sounds of the Season- An Acupuncture + Acoustic Sound Healing Experience ✨
Join us for a peaceful and restorative evening as we honor the Winter Solstice — a time to slow down, turn inward, and welcome the return of the light.
Experience the gentle combination of acupuncture with Crystal Farnsworth and seasonal acoustic music, with musician and sound artist Maria Gauthier, creating a space to relax the body, quiet the mind, and reconnect with a sense of peace and joy. Soothing guitar, vocals, and healing sounds will accompany your experience as we embrace the stillness and beauty of winter.
🌲 A time to:
Rest and restore
Release the energy of the past season
Reconnect with yourself
Set gentle intentions for the season ahead
Welcome more peace, joy, and light
December 20 • 6:30–7:30 PM
Acupuncture Whimsical Wellness
37 East Central St., Franklin, MA
Come as you are. Leave a little more grounded, peaceful, and connected.
$80 per person. Pre-registration required.
Sign up HERE.
You will be required to sign online consent forms for both your acupuncture treatment and the sound bath which will be sent out within a week of your event. Upon sign up, please Venmo @crystal-acupunk with the date of this event in the description. 48 hour notice is required for cancellation and full refund.
Join us for special New Year rendition of our healing series: Needles and Namaste!
Crystal Farnsworth, LAc. and owner of AcuPUNKture will be joining forces with Valerie of Wild Owl Metaphysical Services to bring you an immersive healing experience.
Once you have chosen your spot for the session, Valerie will have you choose two oracle cards that you will keep face-down next to you during the session. Crystal will perform acupuncture using specific points to keep you grounded and activate specific acupuncture meridians to help you connect to your higher self and work on calming your shen/spirit while resetting your nervous system. After needles are placed, Valerie will take you through a meditation designed for allowing you to trust that the message you receive will assist you in the year to come. During a quiet portion of the meditation, Valerie will quietly give each participant the message from their chosen oracle cards while you remain in a relaxed state. After all messages are given, she will gently finish the meditation part of the Acupuncture & Intuitive-Message-infused Meditation event.
You will be provided with comfy floor mats and cushions, a fuzzy blanket and an eye mask. Just show up and treat yourself for an hour.
Pre-registration required. $80 per person.
Sign up HERE!
Upon sign up please Venmo @crystal-acupunk (last four 6751) with only the date of your event in the description. 48 hour notice is required for cancellations/full refund. You will be required to sign basic consent forms for your Acupuncture treatment, Meditation and oracle reading that will be sent the week prior to the event.
Widgets
Franklin, MA Clinic Info
37 East Central St. Franklin, MA
02038
508-507-8015
franklinacupunkture@gmail.com
AcuPUNKture Office Hours (to schedule an appointment):
Monday: 11am-7pm
Tuesday: 11am-7pm
Wednesday: 11am-7pm
Thursday: 11am-7pm
Friday: No Admin
Saturday: No Admin
Sunday: No Admin
Whimsical Wellness Boutique (Retail Hours):
Monday: 1-7pm
Tuesday: 1-7pm
Wednesday: 1-7pm
Thursday: 1-7pm
Friday: Closed
Saturday: Closed
Sundays: Closed
Jamaica Plain Clinic Info
CLOSED PERMANENTLY -
For Jamaica Plain patients who can't make it to Franklin, please check out Refuge Acupuncture and Wellness run by our good friend Aaron Wickenheiser! www.refugeacuwellness.com
Schedule An
Appointment
Sign Up for Clinic Email Updates and Blog Posts!
Enter your email address for Clinic Updates and Blog Posts
Email Address:
Follow
© 2025 AcuPUNKture. All Rights Reserved
Like us on Facebook!
Like us on Facebook!
Join my email list
Submitting form
By clicking submit, you agree to share your email address with the site owner and Mailchimp to receive marketing, updates, and other emails from the site owner. Use the unsubscribe link in those emails to opt out at any time.
Processing…
Success! You're on the list.
Whoops! There was an error and we couldn't process your subscription. Please reload the page and try again.
Blog at WordPress.com.
Subscribe
Subscribed
AcuPUNKture
Join 61 other subscribers
Sign me up
Have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
AcuPUNKture
Copy shortlink
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Sign up
Log in
Report this content
Collapse this bar
Loading Comments...
Write a Comment...
Email
Name
Website
