-->
Himalayan Salt Cave | Thanh's Eyemazing Lashes | Framingham
top of page
Thanh's Eyemazing Lashes
Home
Gift card
Services
Eyelash Extensions
Korean Lash Lift & Tint
Head Spa
Brows Tint
Permanent Makeup
Facial
Waxing
Makeup
Booking
Policy
Gallery
About
Promotions
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
thanhseyemazinglashes@gmail.com
(508) 202 - 9586
Salt Cave Therapy
"INHALE SALT - EXHALE STRESS"
WE'RE PROUD TO BE THE ONLY SALT CAVE IN METROWEST OF BOSTON
The c
apacity is up to 8 people, you can enjoy the restful moment by yourself or with family and friends. The salt cave is suitable for children and adults.
*
SALT CAVE IS LOCATED IN THE BASEMENT AND MUST BE ENTERED BY TAKING THE STAIRWAY. PLEASE BE CONCERNED IF SOMEONE HAS DIFFICULTY OF WALKING.
*
PRIVATE SESSION AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST.
​
While enjoying the Salt Cave atmosphere, you're surrounded by over 10 thousand pounds of pure Himalayan salt and salty air from the halo-generator, also known as Halotherapy. Close your eyes, listen to relaxing music, feel the pure Himalayan warm salt on your feet, and taste the slightly salty air on your lips. As you relax, breathe in the fresh salt air, and take in the meditative experience. The calming and detoxifying effects of Halotherapy, are known to alleviate many ailments, such as stress, asthma, allergies, and many others. We served beverages (water or flavored hot tea) and a warm towel at the end of the session. A true way for your mind and body to relax and restore.
CLICK HERE TO BOOK
Frequently asked questions
General
What is a Salt Cave?
In the Himalayan Salt Cave, some parts of the walls are covered with pure Himalayan salt. The floor is topped with thousands of pounds of Himalayan salt. A device called a halo-generator, which turns salt into a dry aerosol spray intended to imitate the conditions of a natural cave.
What are benefits of the halotherapy?
Studies have found that halo-therapy can have benefits for respiratory conditions, skin problems, and allergies. Halotherapy can also be used to treat breathing problems caused by COVID-19, improving your breathing and the amount of oxygen in your blood.
Salt is a natural and safe ingredient. It does not have any notable side effects.
Respiratory conditions that may improve
Asthma
Allergies
Bronchitis
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
Common Cold
Cystic fibrosis
Ear Infections
Emphysema
Sinusitis
Smokers cough
Tiny salt particles used in halotherapy can also help repair your skin cells and protect your skin from aging and infection. This therapy can be used to treat:
Skin conditions that may improve
Acne
Aging skin
Dermititis
Dry and flaky skin
Eczema
Itching
Psoriasis
Rashes
Rosacea
Swelling & Inflammation
What happens during the session?
Staff will guide you to salt cave and take drink order to serve you at the end of the session. A quick introduction and meditation guide audio will be playing to begin the session. Audio fades into relaxing music. As you sit back and relax on zero-gravity chair , a special device called a Halo-generator will disperse microscopic salt particles into the room. These tiny particles will land on your skin, and you will inhale deeply into your airways. After 45 minutes, take some time to refresh yourself with a beverage (water or hot tea) and a warm towel.
What should I wear?
Comfortable clothes are recommended. If you are trying to treat skin problems you may want to expose those areas to the salt. Shoes are required to take off and store in the locker. Please bring a pair of white socks. If you don't have white socks, disposable socks will be provided.
Will I share the salt cave with other customers?
Most likely, yes. The capacity is up to 8 people. Private session is available upon request. To request that, please leave a note at online check out. We will review and confirm your request if the session is available.
Can I have a private cave?
Yes. Private session is $50/guest. Minimum 2 guests. To request a private session, please leave a note at the online check out. A staff will review and confirm your request if the session is available.
What is the capacity?
The capacity is up to 8 people.
Is this a good place for special occasions?
Yes! We have had many parties that are for birthday, anniversary, friend meeting, family reunion, corporate gifts. We often decorate upon request for Birthday theme, Romantic Theme for love couple such as for proposal, anniversary occasion.
Can I bring children with me?
- Yes! Salt cave therapy is suitable for children and adult. Each adult ticket included 1 kid. Each additional kid adds $20/kid. Children between the ages of 3-12 must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
- Due to the relaxing atmosphere that the cave offers, we have designated time slots available on every Saturday 11 AM and 12:30 PM (Family Hour) for children to join their parents during the session. Or you can book a private cave for your family (please contact us for further assistance). We have toys for children but please feel free to bring your favorite toys.
I have health issues, can I still join the session?
If you have one or more conditions, then you should not be treated with Halotherapy. Please contact your primary for further medical advice:
- Acute active tuberculosis
- Acute stages of respiratory disease.
- Alcohol or drug intoxication
- Bleeding or spitting blood
- Cardiac insufficiency
- COPD – 3rd stage
- Infections accompanied by fever
- Unstable or uncontrolled hypertension
What salt do you use?
Himalayan Salt Cave uses 100% pure Himalayan Salt for decoration and pharmaceutical-grade dry salt for halo-generator. The only salt that can be used for halotherapy is pure grade sodium chloride (also known as medical-grade or pharmaceutical-grade salt), which is the highest purity salt, often used in medical applications. It is 99.99% NaCl and contains no insoluble ingredients and is free from all other contaminants.
Can I bring food or drink into the salt cave?
Sorry, no.
Do you have the membership program?
Yes. We have two membership programs.
- Three sessions package: $105 (Regular price $120)
This is great if you're planning to come back other times. This does not expire.
- Unlimited One Month Access: $135
Love the salt cave and salt therapy so much? This is for you! Enjoy unlimited access to our salt cave for one month. Yes, unlimited! There is no commitment, so the membership will expire every month.
What is the prices for Eyelash Extensions?
You can find our price list here: https://www.thanhseyemazinglashes.com/eyelashextension
What are the prices for Lash lift and Tint?
You can find our price list here: https://www.thanhseyemazinglashes.com/lashliftandtint
What are the prices for Head Spa?
You can find our price list here: https://www.thanhseyemazinglashes.com/headspa
What are the prices for Microblading?
Microblading is $700 with card payment. We offer 15% off with cash payment, which will be $595 in total. Microblading service includes 2 procedures, first appointment and touch up appointment after 6 weeks from the first appointment.
FOLLOW US
PHONE NUMBER
(508) 202 - 9586
THANH'S EYEMAZING LASHES
​thanhseyemazinglashes@gmail.com
HIMALAYAN S
ALT CAVE
himalayansaltcaveframingham@gmail.com
HAN MAKEUP ARTISTRY
hanmua.ma@gmail.com
GIA STUDIO
giaproduction.ma@gmail.com
ADDRESS
33 Cochituate
Framingham, MA 01701
bottom of page
