-->
HOME | Nirvana tea house & cafe
top of page
Nirvana tea house and
cafe
ORDER ONLINE
welcome to
Nirvana
tea house
and cafe
fresh plant-based vegan food and drink
Apple Cider Donuts! Fall Menu!
Order your Apple Cider Donuts 48 Hours Ahead!
Pre-order Apple Cider Donuts
*
6 donuts
12 donuts
First name
*
Last name
Email
*
Phone
Pick-up date (Closed on Mondays)
*
Order confirmation is by email with your Square invoice for payment
Submit
new ownership by
Unity Farm Sanctuary
Plant-based food & beverages
Welcome to Nirvana Tea House and Cafe, your go-to destination for delectable plant-based cuisine and refreshing tea, smoothies and coffee. Our menu is thoughtfully crafted to offer a diverse range of vegan delights that will tantalize your taste buds. From soups, wraps, and main courses, to delightful desserts, we have something for everyone. Join us and embark on a culinary journey that celebrates the goodness of nature.
MENU
Locations + Opennig Hours
Visit us and unwind
Come and unwind in our welcoming environment, where you can indulge in the finest vegan treats and beverages. Our space is designed to create a tranquil atmosphere, perfect for enjoying a relaxing meal or catching up with friends over a cup of our signature tea blends.
LOCATION
969 Main St Unit 2,
Millis, MA 02054
(508) 376-2333
​
OPENING HOURS
(Main kitchen closes 30 minutes
before closing time)
MON CLOSED
TUES - FRI: 8-4
SATURDAY: 8-3
SUNDAY: 8-3
Discover our seasonal
creations
We love to share seasonal additions to our menu, handcrafted with the freshest ingredients and innovative flavors. Our culinary experts are dedicated to vegan cuisine: to bring you fresh dishes that make plant-based dining shine.
MENU
Enjoy Nirvana anywhere
Craving Nirvana's delectable offerings at home? We have online ordering for pickup, and we will be partnering with DoorDash Delivery soon ! You can pickup your favorite vegan dishes and beverages or have them delivered straight to your doorstep. Elevate your dining experience with the flavors of Nirvana, wherever you are.
ORDER ONLINE
About Nirvana
tea house and cafe
Learn more about the new owner of Nirvana tea house and cafe, Unity Farm Sanctuary!
The Sanctuary is nearby in Sherborn MA. Our mission, vision and values make it a natural fit to bring Nirvana back to the community as part of our vision.
Mission Vision Values
Read more about the start of Nirvana in 2020
Nirvana's beginnings
The menu is fresh-forward! Vegan baked goods, smoothies, teas and coffee offered hot and cold, including lattes with diverse plant milk options. Soups, salads, wraps, bowls and brunch options with waffles, homefries and tofu scrambles are just a glimpse into the popular menu. More details on custom bakery orders soon!
New e-Gift Cards for purchase online!
Purchase an e-Gift Card here
In-store gift cards available too, please purchase at the register when you visit the Cafe.
Nirvana
tea house
and cafe
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER FOR UPDATES & SPECIAL OFFERS
Email
*
Yes, subscribe me to your newsletter.
*
Submit
Instagram
Facebook
Email
Phone
© 2026 by Nirvana Tea House and Cafe. Powered and secured by
Wix
bottom of page
